[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart How are you? I hope you're
having a wonderful day and that you're having
a brutal weekend with your
family and your
loved ones. Well family, I wanted to
share with you this click from the other
day of Federico's show
Federico's mornings, you already know that, well, it's a
show that I love and we love
that they make reference to us from time to time
and the truth is I wanted to
share this with you. I think it's very
important and very funny as well as
curious because Federico hits
the table and speaks about my
meeting the other day with José Antonio
León, for those who haven't seen it, it's
uploaded on my channel. I had a meeting, we
met at the Virgen del
Rocío hospital here in Seville, we
were both covering it on
Sálvame and I for my YouTube channel, which
is good, because any news that there
may be regarding Kiko Rivera
because he was there at that time
admitted, he is no longer admitted, okay,
Kiko Rivera is already at home, in fact, he
is uploading
games from the  PlayStation and Well it
really was a bomb because I put it
as you
know The little cheese you don't know this trap
not the mousetrap no what do you put The little
cheese so they don't get you
Well then The
journalists the paparazzi who were
there looked for my mouth with a bad face no that I
really really and I say this with all
the respect in the world I don't understand Where to
watch the competition I don't understand where they see
the fear and the bad vibes I'm not going to
take anything away from them not even the
YouTube channels are going to take anything away I
mean realize that I go there to the
door and when I go out on the street with the
microphone it's to bring you content a
little different to bring you something Cool No
in fact whenever I take a chance and I go out
because I have a hunch that I'm going to
get something I bring something whenever it's
something I bring something recently I
also went to Cádiz with Pepa with my
friend Pepa
Instagram and well we were recording the
set of Nightmare in Paradise We saw
the contestants and it was beastly too well
this the same I left  over there we
interviewed Irene Rosales We
were seeing Luis Rollán anyway
and suddenly José Antonio León
entered my trap I put one on him I put one
there El quesito and he entered me
but directly with Bueno when he
heard me mention the looks operation
No, I had the argument there with his
colleagues, he sincerely and I have to
say it I have said it already but I will
say it again he never at any time
looked at me badly or treated me with contempt or
anything like that But he did get angry
when I said next to them so they would get
angry about the operation of the 1
then they will have problems with the
light operation I don't know what yes it is true that I
saw them and then he admitted this to me
also he came in a little
cocky mode I did not see them recording
zooming in to record the room where
Kiko Rivera was So that did not
seem half normal to me yes it is true
that later I was looking it up on Google
regarding the law because he assured
100% I did not want to argue too much
because there was nothing more to
argue about he did not get off either  the donkey
was like talking to a wall no but
come on there is no logic or where to get it
that you can record inside the
room or a hotel or a house
or such to violate anyone's privacy
no And he said yes it was legal
yes it is true that then searching on
Google well I found like well
if they were media personalities who
sold their lives a lot and such then it seemed that they
were more exposed And such But
finally other
colleagues have come out for example Diego Arrabal who
knows the profession well to say
man what a scandal is that that
is even jail no what
surprised me is that he presumed to do
that type of acts you know to me to me that
you say Well but it's not that we are going to
broadcast it if we don't broadcast it it is not a crime
Well let's see if I didn't imitate it it's not that it is not a
crime it's that nobody is going to find out that
you recorded it okay he
found out on this occasion because
I was there but what it does to me is that they
presume I mean they are already so
used to that type of practices and they
have the school  from sálvame that the guy
boasts okay on top of that he boasted another day
a guy comes out that I don't know if he realizes the
crime he's committing No but
if I have nurses here let's see let's see
this is tremendous okay I mean when you
say that I have a nurse I have a
police officer you can have it you are a
journalist it wouldn't be the first or the
last journalists have contact
Here they have contact there and there are always
police officers who give them some information There are
always doctors who give you some
information but don't say it
Holy Virgin don't say it if someone sues you or
reports you you are protected by the right that
journalists have to not have to
reveal their sources but don't say it
my son don't say it right now I'm
talking to doctors at Virgen del
Rocío and they're telling me things about Kiko
man that it's privacy that health is
the privacy of a person I mean but
the guy in the same conversation
told me with all his balls that he was
convicted for something bell tower that they will
never talk about illnesses again
It's true I mean these are the bombs let's
see creature what do you think and  you
are nothing because you appear on TV, I
mean,
personal data, neither police nor medical, cannot be disclosed, it is
a very serious crime and whoever
does it has to end up in jail
because we have to punish these
scoundrels who boast later. I think
the answer has been made what
our dear Federico is saying, there is
Clara and it is what I told José
Antonio there at the time. Look, I don't
think you know the law and if you
know it, what happens is that
the sentences are cheaper than the profits you
have later. Don't answer, my
dear, no, don't put it, she wanted to
go to jail for four years of which
you were serving 2 so you know. I mean,
personal data cannot be disclosed. And
if you disclose it, you must go to jail. You must not,
as the minister would say, you must not
go to jail. It is imperative to
boast of a crime
and it is not that I boast about it, no because it may
be clumsy, it is that they have their program The
mess he has with the
light operation, man. Don't get a kid, a
youtuber  that is provoking you do not
enter it in case it is because in Sálvame they have already become
accustomed to bragging about kicking the
penal code Well then you will pay for it
rather soon in this case the
reference is to a meeting that
the youtuber Javier Oliveira has
with José Antonio León his name is the
reporter from the TV factory they do
15 minutes of conversation that
Javi records with the consent of course of the
other and yes Well also no no it is not that he recorded
that it was live you know that it was live you are
live I would have I would have
loved to know if it had not
been recorded that they had told me if they
tell you that in front of a camera what do they
not talk about behind man if it is that in
front of the camera they are telling you that
for those who say that it cannot be
recorded, let it be known that yes it can no no Of
course you can record whatever you
want as long as you have a button on
a camera That activates it and there is a
moment in which he shields himself defends
Operation Luna saying something like that
journalists have among
our sources police officers or
nurses he says I have nurses here
at the Virgen Virgen del  Rocio is the
Seville hospital
is a criminal who
used police officers and nurses and
even if you know that information to which
many of us have had access many times. Realize that, for
example, any police officer,
any doctor who is giving
information about a person that is
considered secret, not because of that the issue
of when we talk about revealing a
secret. Okay, when we talk about a
crime of revealing a secret, we are not
talking about.
Oh, I told my cousin
that I bought a sweatshirt but it is not
seen like that until Monday because it is a
surprise, not secrets, the law understands. As
secrets, for example, a
medical history, police records, a
judicial history,
addresses, personal data, in short,
secrets are things that violate your
privacy, okay, in a serious way,
less serious, your honor, above all. Well, your
privacy. No, because there is no one who has to
know, like for example what
Kiko Hernandez said, that Chabelita
bled in a hospital and that they believe it
was because of an abortion, I don't remember
exactly what they said, but
let's go, it was an outrage. So the
doctor who is committing that. The doctor
is committing a crime, something else that
you as a journalist
take.  information and rights not to
reveal the source if someone sues you
okay that is a right that
journalists have okay that I there when he
told me to I felt no yes yes it is true he has it
or rather this is how it is María Patiño
everyone gets out many times free of
criminal cases simply by saying that
journalist who does not have to does not have to
inform on anyone it is a right it is like that
okay it is a right that is established by the
law here in Spain you may think
better or worse but it is like that for us because we
have nurse friends you cannot
spread it you cannot return it and you
cannot say it but it is the it is the story it
is Villaregismo I mean Villarejo is a
criminal he is in jail where he should not be
released but it is also that those who have been
doing
exclusives with Villarejo half of them
truncated that then in addition the judges
after 7 years of Calvary as is
happening with Madrid that now it turns out that
NAE is they blame everyone all those who
between Villarejo and some in the world
gave one day I have to inform myself about
this subject of Villarejo because I do not
know him one hundred percent he has already caught me he has already
caught me out  of the game but one day I have to find
out because he
mentions it a lot as criminals and such
and it turns out that there was nothing seven years
later
or rather they are common criminals and
they must be used to the fact that
crime is paid for in jail and money
also what is known after Vasile is not
going to be put up by Borja Prado the money will be
put up by El Chulo who boasts of committing crimes
the Borja Prado issue the truth is that there are
many expectations that Borja Prado will
arrive changing things we have already
talked about that surely he will give him a
turn they gave him a turn he will give him a
twist not to the whole issue of
Rocío Carrasco's heart and so on no but well
we will see if we are not setting
expectations too high and then we
get a negative surprise which is that they
seem stupid even if it is only out of
prudence they should not boast
and it surprises me also Javier Rivera who is
a smart guy unless it is a trap
no no he does it phenomenally eh he
puts it there he puts the crutch and the other one
comes in here
when you go with Roca Rey Yes that let's see
if it is that exactly O  I mean, I don't understand
how I fell for it, I mean, I knew they
were watching me, I knew, but I
never imagined that he was going to
throw out the line, that they were going to fish, okay, I
mean,
this is something that I also think
Federico has referred to, no, there are a
lot of people who have told me but why did
n't you cut it out when he came, tough, why didn't you tell him
like that, why didn't you talk to him, let's
see, family. When I'm
working, and especially when I'm in the
middle, okay, I have to keep my
composure, I have to keep my
education, a lot of times if
someone comes and bullies me or talks to me in a
way that doesn't respect me, which I would
like, I don't often feel like
taking my neighborhood out, not taking out
my manners, no, but no, no, you don't
have to keep your composure, that's
much better, okay, take the people
who come like a tiger, go away like a
kitten, take them to your field and
disarm them with your arguments and with the
knowledge that you have, okay, if I act
bad or tough too, I'll
probably end up looking bad too,
ugly and we all stay on video and without
those statements that we had
Thank you very much Federico Thank you very much
Isabel you know that here you have
your home you know that here you are
loved I send you a huge hug family
let me know in the comments box
what you think about all this and I'll see you in
the next video a big hug
[Music]